Shondra while we're on to came to the
United States in 2001 expecting to work
in a hotel but she ended up in a brothel
as soon as she arrived from Indonesia
her employer took her passport and
threatened to shoot her if she didn't
work as a prostitute
they met another another PIM and they
hand on the money so I was realized I
was being sold it wasn't easy for her
but Chandra took aljazeera back to one
of the places where she was held under
lock and key after a month of virtual
slavery she and another woman managed to
escape from a small unlocked bathroom
window - on the water with the water I'm
able to open up the glass I can off
slowly and jump to the ground after I
jumped from the window I came back here
I took my pack and I can expect the time
Chandra's spent weeks on the street
before meeting someone who finally got
her the help she needed she led police
to the house helping to free the women
and put her traffickers behind bars this
is just one of the New York
neighborhoods where Chandra was forced
to work her traffickers kept her moving
constantly sometimes taking her out of
state always with an armed escort and
even in the neighborhood like this where
there's so many people around
like many trafficking victims she found
it impossible to reach out for help
sadly her story isn't unique
federal investigators recently rescued
two women from an apartment building in
Yonkers New York and arrested a dozen
people accused of trafficking them and
others from Mexico in the past the women
might have been charged as prostitutes
it was hard to believe that people were
actually being enslaved in the United
States but as we started to see more of
these cases victims rights organizations
they have been crucial in our
understanding about how these
organizations work and basically our
understanding that these women aren't
willing participants that they are in
fact victims for capping is
the solution Chandra is telling her
story in the hopes of helping other
victims she says if she can open a few
eyes people might see what's happening
right under their noses
Kristin salumi al Jazeera New York